Anni/wcicd (#16642)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/ci-cd/builds/limits-and-pricing.mdx

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: Limits & Pricing
description: Limits & pricing for Workers Builds
sidebar:
  order: 4
---

## Limits 

While in open beta, the following limits are applicable for Workers Builds. Please note, these are subject to change while in beta. 

| Metric                | Description                                                            | Limit     |
| --------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- |

> | **Build Minutes**     | The amount of minutes that it takes to build a project.                | Unlimited |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Build Minutes**     | The total amount of time you can use each month running build jobs for your Worker              | Unlimited |
```

(or something)

This isn't about building a specific project, current description ambiguous

> | **Concurrent Builds** | Number of builds that run in parallel across an account.               | 1         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Concurrent Builds** | Number of builds that run in parallel across one Cloudflare account.               | 1         |
```

specific about "Cloudflare account"?

> | **Build Timeout**     | The amount of minutes that a build can be run before it is terminated. | 20 mins   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Build Timeout**     | Number of minutes that a build can be run before it is terminated. | 20 mins   |
```

| **CPU**               | Number of CPU cores available to your build                            | 2 CPUs    |
| **Memory**            | Amount of memory available to the build.                               | 8GB       |
| **Disk space**        | Disk space available to your build                                     | 8GB       |

## Future Pricing

> During the beta, Workers Builds will be free to try with the limits stated above. In the future, once Workers Builds becomes generally available, you can expect the following updates to the limits and pricing structure. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While in open beta, Workers Builds are free to use, with the limits stated above. Once out of beta, Workers Builds will be priced based on total build minutes used:
```

| Metric                | Workers Free  | Paid                         | Enterprise |
| --------------------- | ------------- | ---------------------------- | ---------- |

> | **Build Minutes**     | 3,000 minutes | 6,000 minutes, +$0.005 / min | Custom     |

Reviewer: Let's use this format that keeps each plan as a row:

<img width="681" alt="Screenshot 2024-09-22 at 2 41 48 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/49442249-53b5-4358-a903-53afcd6fbb3e">
m     |

Look at Workers Pricing page for clarity here. Don't need to call out the `custom` piece or Ent. Just say what the price is.
